Clarify that CONSISTENT_SNAPSHOT is optional (#162)
theupdateframework/specification: tuf-spec.md

  : <dfn>CONSISTENT_SNAPSHOT</dfn>
  ::
    An optional boolean indicating whether the repository supports
    consistent snapshots. This field is optional for backward compatibility with

>     old metadata that may exist without it. New implementations SHOULD included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    old metadata that may exist without it. New implementations SHOULD include
```

>     old metadata that may exist without it. New implementations SHOULD included

Reviewer: Where do we discuss what we should do if it doesn't exist?

Author: The spec leaves this open. From [chapter 7.1](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/latest/#writing-consistent-snapshots):
```
Finally, the root metadata should write the Boolean "consistent_snapshot" 
attribute at the root level of its keys of attributes. 
If consistent snapshots are not written by the repository, 
then the attribute may either be left unspecified or be set to the False value. 
Otherwise, it must be set to the True value.
```

>     it. Section 7 goes into more detail on the consequences of enabling
>     this setting on a repository.

Reviewer 2: Let's both ensure we are cross-linking and avoid referring to sections by their explicit numbering
```suggestion
    it. [[consistent-snapshots]] goes into more detail on the consequences of enabling
    this setting on a repository.
```
